1. red frog solutions
2. google
3. vmware
4. bastian solutions
5. affirm
6. Jetfuel
7. Revature
8. Apex Systems
9. Lovevery
10.Idaho Central Credit Union


Growing top-tier IT company in Boise, ID looking for a Junior/Associate Software Developer with Java to join 
already elite team as a full time/permanent employee to work remote for our Boise, ID office. Scala experience 
or training desired. This is an outstanding opportunity to grow and learn from this fast growing software company. 
Please reach out for a confidential chat.




Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore,
 and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well
 beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, 
distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, 
natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer,
 you will work on a specific project critical to Google's needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you
 and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be
 enthusiastic to take on new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.

Google aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve.
 We believe that in addition to hiring the best talent, a diversity of perspectives, ideas, and cultures leads to the
 creation of better products and services.

Google is and always will be an engineering company. We hire people with a broad set of technical skills who are ready
 to take on some of technology's greatest challenges and make 
an impact on millions, if not billions, of users. At Google, engineers not only revolutionize search, they routinely
 work on massive scalability and storage solutions, large-scale applications and entirely new platforms for developers
 around the world. From Google Ads to Chrome, Android to YouTube, Social to Local, Google engineers are changing the
 world one technological achievement after another.

Ready to build? So are we. Come join VMware’s new and exciting Modern Applications Business Unit (MAPBU) team, made up of
 products and services under the Tanzu portfolio to help customers build, run and manage their most important applications.
 We build applications with velocity to run in a cloud-native environment, run open-source Kubernetes with consistency,
 and manage our customers' entire footprint with confidence to help them achieve their business outcomes.

As a Senior member of technical Staff in the Modern Applications Business Unit (MAPBU) team you will be developing 
foundational platform features for application platform. It is a challenging role and provides an opportunity to have a
 meaningful impact on the future of developer and application experience in Tanzu platform. You have strong product
 instincts along with have an appreciation agile and user-centered design (UCD) values, principles and practices.
  You are excited by the user and business value that technology can unlock. You thrive in a complex ecosystem,
 collecting, sharing and synthesizing input from technical leads and enabling your team to continuously deliver customer
 value. You believe in doing the right thing and doing what works.  

What you’ll be doing:

You will be a technical voice for the platform engineering team. The goal of this program is to bring consistency in the
 way we define policies, authentication, telemetry and other such constructs across the Developer and Application Platform.

You will be responsible for:

* Designing and developing platform features needed across the organization.

* Collaborating with other engineers on the team to achieve planned targets. 

* Active involving in team-wide discussions about software best practices.

* Identifying issues, resolving bugs and writing high-quality engineering documentation.

* Working directly with engineering teams for different areas of VMware Tanzu portfolio

* Bringing clarity where there is uncertainty, manage risk and continuously deliver value.

Desired Skills & Experience:

* Bachelors or master’s degree in computer science or equivalent preferred; demonstrable understanding of systems,
 algorithms, and OO design required.

* 5+ years engineering experience, especially with large scale, distributed technical solutions

* Have prior experience in developing large scale systems.

* Exposure to container and Kubernetes technology, container-focused Linux distributions, and virtualization in the cloud.

* Ability to collaborate well with engineers, designers, and other partners

* Strong communication skills and the ability to mentor others

* Able to breakdown complex problems into simple solutions

* Experience mentoring junior engineers.

* Strong familiarity with Agile development is desirable.

If you believe you are a great candidate for this position but don’t meet all the requirements, please do not hesitate to
 apply.




The Software Engineer I will work with a small R&D team in Boise to produce an industry leading Mobile Robotic solution 
for the Material Handling Industry. They will utilize the latest technologies to integrate robotics into material handling
 systems for complex applications. This includes R&D and prototype development to successfully bring new products to
 market. The process involves understanding the customer's goals and objectives and developing engineered solutions
 to meet these goals.

The Software Engineer I will assist in developing new technologies and functional prototypes for Bastian Solutions. 
The Software Engineers primary focus will be on Computer Vision, Object Recognition, and Autonomous Navigation Systems.
 Timeframes for prototypes will be Project Managed and need to be functionally and aesthetically pleasing as we plan to
 demonstrate these new technologies to our customers. Projects will be confidential through the pilot project as not to
 impact our current relationships with partner manufacturers. This position works directly for the Lead Software Engineer
 and collaborates with various manufacturing business units (Internal and External).

Essential Functions
With guidance, assist with development and implementation of software and algorithms for automated systems
Assist with preparing detailed functional specification and flow diagrams to illustrate the sequence of steps that the
 program must follow and to describe input, output, and logical operations involved
Flexibility to customize to our customer's ever-changing requirements
After Sales Support for the specific programs developed
With guidance, analyze workflow chart and diagram
Communicate closely with other team members or the end user as necessary to resolve questions of the program's
 functionality, data input, output requirements, and various internal checks and controls
Follow revision and code documentation standards
With guidance, debug and unit test all software changes
Follow code control guidelines and under guidance assist with Performance Analysis
Assist in writing help instructions to guide operating personnel on location with little guidance
Complete programming assignments on schedule
With guidance, create Test Plans for Integration or Testing Integration: Modules, Scripts and Interfaces integrate
 seamlessly with the control system

Preferred Skills & Qualifications
Basic knowledge of developing on both windows and Linux OS with a variety of build systems Version control systems.
Development experience in C/C++, C#, Python and other common development languages ROS
Preferred experience with Microcontroller Firmware Experience and Real-Time Operating System (RTOS)
Motor Control Algorithms and Database and Web Development (Javascript, HTML, Web Frameworks, etc.)
Working experience with Robotics Industry technologies (Microcontrollers, Motor Controllers, Lidar, Encoders, and 
various Sensors)
Knowledge of Computer Vision systems including, but not limited to, OpenCV, 3D Point-Clouds, LIDAR systems, etc.
Exposure and or Development experience with Autonomous Navigation (SLAM, LIDAR, ROS Navigation Stack, etc.)
Understanding of basic electrical theory and circuit design



Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay 
later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.

We are seeking a Backend Software Engineer to build out financial products and features providing new levels of 
accessibility and flexibility to our users. Affirm is experiencing explosive growth with millions of customers across
 thousands of merchants in-store and online, and your contributions will be a key enabler of that growth. Come join us 
as we build a beloved, lasting financial services brand predicated on honesty and trust.

What You’ll Do
Work with product and engineering managers to identify and plan projects based on the team goals and resources.
Drive detailed project definition, design, cross-functional alignment, estimation, in addition to task break-down, 
delivery, monitoring, and maintenance.
Consistently generate simple and elegant designs, and write high-quality code that can be easily understood and leveraged
 by others.
Build relationships with people across engineering and other organizations for the design, implementation, roll-out and
 maintenance of projects.
Actively participates in making their team and workplace an inclusive environment for people from all backgrounds.

What We Look For
2+ years of software engineering experience shipping production quality code
Passionate: Passionate about Affirm's Mission: "Deliver Honest Financial Products that improve lives"
Technical: Solid CS fundamentals and fluency of a dynamically typed language. We primarily use Python, but members 
of our team have backgrounds in a wide range of technologies
Collaborative: Enjoys cross team collaboration especially with product managers and designers
Humble: You have the humility and self-awareness to understand and navigate the unknown
User Focused: Cares about the details in the user experience



Full Job Description
At JetFuel, we are building the creator economy by providing creators with the tools they need to grow, monetize and
 thrive in the digital advertising space. Today, this means building a best-in-class platform that provides monetization
 opportunities, strategies and data-driven content development tools to drive long term growth for our advertising
 partners and, most importantly, the creators.

About Product Engineering at JetFuel
Engineering at JetFuel is different, by design. We are product engineers, first and foremost. We value shipping a product
 to our customers that creates an immediate and meaningful impact in their interactions with our platform. We place far
 less of an emphasis on using the most trendy engineering frameworks, technologies or topics - we prioritize user 
experience and the inherent value of iterating over purity of product. The product engineering team works in a highly 
collaborative environment with the business stakeholders, directly negotiating requirements without the added layer of 
a formalized product or program management department. Engineers join JetFuel for the focus on product, the ability to 
ship lots of products, fast, and the no-ego, level-disregarding collaboration that is fostered across the entire company. 
Our founders still actively push code and launch new features, we aim to embody the “no job is too small for me” mindset.

What You'll Do

Work at all levels of the stack, specifically with Node.JS, PostgreSQL and React in a Google Cloud Platform environment
Partner with the Growth, Media, Community, Creator and Advertiser Teams to ideate and execute nuanced features and
 products for the creator economy
Drive and own the delivery of software components from inception to production
Partner with fellow product engineers to review code and improve code quality
What You've Done

Recent experience architecting, designing and implementing products within a new system or existing platform
Shipped consumer-facing products, ideally mobile-first products with accompanying web applications
Experience mentoring and developing engineers with or without a formal leadership title
Meaningful exposure to mobile development challenges, enough to have opinions around technical choices that may cause
 downstream impacts to your own work
Bonus Points!

Experience implementing machine learning-enabled product features on an existing platform
Significant experience launching iOS and Android applications
Past experience leading product engineering teams or ad-hoc project teams
Experience working in an early-stage startup environment
Programming experience with any of the following: Swift, Objective-C, Kotlin, Go and/or Python
Why join JetFuel?
Engineering at JetFuel is truly product engineering, not simply implementing what the business stakeholders request to
 hit milestones along a product roadmap. As an engineer at JetFuel, you will have meaningful and immediate input and 
impact across the technical platform and our overall business. Our core values truly reflect our actions, down to the 
speed of our interview process and commitment to having fun and enjoying the work we do.

Our Core Values
Do It, Yesterday
Find a Way
Always Question
Do What Works
Enjoy The Ride

We believe in providing an inclusive environment that fosters psychological safety and freedom to fail, fast. To that 
end, we are excited and committed to providing a breadth of benefits and perks for our employees. A brief highlight of 
these benefits can be found below:

Comprehensive health, vision & dental plans
Unlimited vacation policy (we make sure you actually use it as well!)
Flexible work schedule
New work laptop of your choice and budget to set up your work-from-home office
Once we return, a goldfish friendly office!

JetFuel promotes diversity and provides equal opportunity for all applicants and employees. We are dedicated to building
 a company that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We believe that the more inclusive we are,
 the better our work (and work environment) will be for everyone.

The next step in our process is a project-based assessment on the Hatchways platform.


Revature is the fastest growing employer of emerging technology talent in the US. We will hire over 300 new Junior 
Software Developers in the next 4 weeks.

One day someone is going to ask you where you got your start…This is IT!

With a wide range of Fortune 500 enterprises, government organizations and top systems integrators as our clients, we
 not only provide you with the skills needed to succeed through an employer-paid training program but will also give you
 the opportunity to put those skills to use, on projects that matter.



What We Are Looking For

College degree (Associates or Bachelors)
Must be authorized to work in the US
Strong desire to learn to code – No prior professional experience required.
A natural problem solver
Strong communication and interpersonal skills
Willing to relocate anywhere in the US – Relocation assistance provided
What We Offer

Competitive salary
Relocation & housing assistance
Health, vision & dental insurance
Paid time off
Industry Certifications
Life Insurance Policy
401k
Mentoring program and ongoing support throughout your entire Revature career
Experience with the largest and most reputable companies in the US
Apply Today. Interviews are going on now.
#SoftwareEngineering

Equal Employment Opportunity

The Company is an equal opportunity employer. We will extend equal opportunity to all individuals without regard to race,
 religion, color, sex, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, sexual orientation, gender identity, national 
origin, disability, age, genetic information, marital status, veteran status, or any other status protected under 
applicable federal, state, or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including but 
not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, benefits, 
compensation and training. If you require an accommodation to work based on any of these protected factors, please notify
 the Human Resources Department, and the Company will evaluate the request and provide an accommodation in accordance 
with applicable law.

We seek to comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws related to discrimination and will not tolerate the 
interference with the ability of any of the Company’s employees to perform their job duties. Our policy reflects and 
affirms the Company’s commitment to the principles of fair employment and the elimination of all discriminatory practices.



As a Software developer, you will independently designs and writes complex, production level code to bring new concepts
 and ideas to reality through the agile and waterfall application development methodologies. You will also research, 
understand and solve member and credit union needs through the work of discovery and software code development that 
results in fulfillment of clients mission for the members. Researches and maintains a working knowledge of emerging 
technologies, trends and developments across the industry as well as emerging trends in software development practices 
and languages. Designs, codes, tests, deploys and supports software solutions through the software development life-cycle.

Responsibilities
• Independently designs and writes complex code to create applications and solutions for server and client side production
 level systems using standard industry languages, IDEs and tools.
• Researches new solutions and writes code from scratch to prototype new concepts...


Lovevery's co-founders and investors have big plans for how the brand can help families digitally, and it is up to you 
and other members of our industry-leading product development team to deliver a platform to achieve the company's vision. 
You will do it all in a way that lays the groundwork for our global subscription ecommerce platform and a scalable offering
 of digital products to create an extraordinary and unmatched experience for our customers. We are looking for a Senior 
Front-end Engineer to help us create this new type of ecommerce and community experience. This role is primarily 
front-end but requires full-stack knowledge and covers architectural vision to implementation.

The following attributes in a candidate are essential to success in this role:
• Full-Stack View with a Front-End focus - You will be architecting a solution that extends from the UI through the 
back-end and into the data models. Your primary focus is to build robust, high performing front-end web experiences and 
to do so, you will have to provide input into the right back-end APIs to support your work. You'll deliver full solutions,
 features and non-functional requirements such as cross-device compatibility, performance, security, and testability.
• Pragmatism – You will be building new digital products in this role, adding features to existing ecommerce platforms,
 and integrating third party solutions to create the best experience in the most pragmatic way. You must have the ability
 to look beyond the current technology stack to get things done.
• Business-Minded - You will define the ideal technical solution and roadmap and be able to prioritize business 
trade-offs for each roadmap item.
• Quality-Focused - You will be a champion for building things in a robust, scalable way and developing automation and 
monitoring to prevent regressions that will impact customers' experience with Lovevery.

Responsibilities
• Design and optimize the front-end architecture for all of Lovevery's web experiences – owning the frameworks and 
systems needed to deliver the product vision, roadmap, and strategy.
• Continually evolve the codebase to deliver customer and business needs.
• Work closely with both the product and engineering teams.
• Define and establish front-end development best practices and patterns.
• Help make technical recommendations on make vs buy decisions.
• Lead delivery of product solutions and features.
• Mentor and pair with mid-level and junior software engineers in order to develop their skills and understanding of the 
code, programming languages, and frameworks employed within the Lovevery platform.

Qualifications
• You think parenthood and early childhood are really inspiring things to work on and you have empathy for parents as 
users of digital products.
• You are passionate about understanding the customer and delivering an amazing customer experience through digital 
solutions.
• 5+ years in a Senior Software Engineer role, preferably working on consumer-focused rich web apps/sites
• Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or a related field preferred.
• You have top-notch programming skills and in-depth knowledge of modern HTML/CSS/JavaScript and can translate design 
specs into code
• You've built eCommerce technology solutions and are familiar with solutions like Shopify.
• You have familiarity with Ruby on Rails or PHP.
• You have a solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best
 development practices.
• You have basic knowledge of Search Engine Optimization.
• You have familiarity with a test automation tool and framework such as XUnit, Selenium, etc.
• You have experience with A/B testing platforms such as Optimizely.
• You are a highly effective collaborator that thrives working with teams to solve complicated challenges, driving 
solutions.
• Your written and oral communications are clear, concise, and thorough.
• You have the ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment and learn rapidly.
• You have an ability to balance user and business impact that has been informed over the years by shipping creative and 
highly successful consumer tech products.
• You have an intrinsic humble hustle.

Our Benefits Include
• Competitive salary, benefits, and stock options package
• The usual paid holidays and a few extras (ex. Election day)
• Paid maternity or paternity leave
• MacBooks are our standard, but we're happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done
• Free/discounted Lovevery products
• Remote-friendly
• Innovative, fast-paced and team-based culture



Overview:
Do you have a passion for software development and keeping innovative solutions up-to-date? Are you technically skilled 
and ready to build production solutions that could impact the future of ICCU? Are you a positive and upbeat person?If you
 can answer "yes" to these questions, Idaho Central Credit Union may have an opportunity ideally suited for you. A 
Jr. Software Developer with oversight, designs and writes, production level code to bring new concepts and ideas to 
reality through the agile and waterfall application development methodologies. They research, understand and solve member
 and credit union needs through the work of discovery and software code development that results in fulfillment of credit 
union mission for our members. They will research and maintain a working knowledge of emerging technologies, trends and 
developments across the industry as well as emerging trends in software development practices and languages. They will 
also design, code, test, deploy and support software solutions through the software development lifecycle.

Responsibilities:
With oversight, designs and writes complex code to create applications and solutions for server and client side 
production level systems using standard industry languages, IDEs and tools.Researches new solutions and writes code 
from scratch to prototype new concepts for potential production level implementation.Writes complex code that deploys 
to: Servers, clients, mobile platforms, core systems, hosted platforms and other systems.With oversight, researches and 
presents findings with recommendations to leverage current capabilities, existing software services and emerging 
technologies in new waysAnalyzes, writes and converts user stories into detailed work requirements, plans out and writes 
code to implement defined requirements in connection with sponsor and stakeholder vision.Maintains a working knowledge of
 current and trending software development languages, IDEs and methodologies for use in current and future efforts in 
support of the credit union mission.Conducts regular code reviews of peer and junior developers work to assure quality
 code is being created with detection and correction of issues and security gaps.Participates in production level code
 release cycles and proceduresDesigns, writes, tests and deploys code to production systems following standard software 
development lifecycle methodologies and provides maintenance/support as needed.Leveraging innovation practices, assists 
in reviews of all internally existing solutions and seeks to improve them through writing code that solves problems and 
corrects issues discovered.Assists in creating architecture solutions proposals for gaps and new services.Participate in 
weekly meetings with the IT team to discuss progress, current and upcoming development projects, and issues that need to
 be resolved.Maintain awareness - and regular sharing - of emerging technology and trends that are now or will in the 
future impact our members and businessComplete miscellaneous tasks and projects as requested.

Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Computer Engineering or Information Systems 
(or related field) required. 1-5 years of experience required designing and writing code in multiple development 
languages from among the following to create production level code and solutions. Proficiency in Java or C like 
development languages including Java, Groovy, Apex, JavaScript, Python, C/C++, C#, or Swift. Additional experience in 
SQL, JSON/XML, HTML5, AngularJS, or NodeJS. Basic knowledge of cloud-based architectures and environments including 
Amazon AWS and/or Microsoft Azure. Working knowledge of or exposure to Microservices, docker, Swagger API toolkit, 
Postman, and scripting is a plus. Basic knowledge of networking protocols, topologies, and operations. Knowledge of 
IT security principles and protection mechanisms is a plus. Experience working within agile development methodologies 
to create production ready applications required. C Programming Language Certified Professional or Oracle Certified 
Professional (java) certification (or equivalent) preferred. Ability to prioritize, meet deadlines, and manage changing 
priorities with limited direction. Creative problem solving skills with new concepts and ideas formed for consideration.
 Willingness to work occasionally outside of normal business hours. Excellent English oral and written communication 
skills. Demonstrated ability to work independently, as well as part of a project team in a cooperative effort. Technical 
experience with enterprise systems, software development life cycle, application development, database design, and user 
support. Ability to create, adapt, integrate and present prototypes/software to solve problems and enable new 
opportunities. Ability to combine and improve existing applications, processes and programs and work within existing 
policies and procedures. Ability to maintain the confidentiality of the Credit Union and member records at all times.
Build quality solutions through application development and innovation research. Conduct technical (sometimes complex) 
research with resulting solution and prototype creation. Make Recommendations based on analysis of data, technical 
condition and overall systems for new and innovative approaches to solving member and business problems. Build and 
deploy production level solutions for member use. Must be willing to comply with the Bank Secrecy Act and USA Patriot 
Act as implemented by Idaho Central Credit Union.Perform tasks requiring manual dexterity (processing paperwork, filing, 
stapling, sorting, collating, typing, counting cash, etc.).Sit for extended periods of time.Lift 20-40 pounds of
 applicable supplies including but not limited to copy paper, cash drawers, marketing material, etc.Repetitive motion 
using wrists, hands, and fingers.Reach keyboards.Ability to operate basic office machines (calculator, computer, 
telephone, copy machine, fax machine, etc.).The above statements reflect the general details considered necessary 
to describe the essential functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work 
requirements that may be inherent of the job.(Keywords: Bank, Banking, Software, Developer)Must be eligible for 
membership at Idaho Central Credit Union to obtain employment.Idaho Central Credit Union is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
 Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, age, disability,
 protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.Idaho Central Credit Union is a dynamic financial 
institution that is focused on helping our members achieve financial success. Established in 1940 we have become the 
largest and fastest growing financial institution in the state of Idaho. ICCU was voted for large companies the Best 
Place to work in Idaho.Wehave also been named by S Intelligenceas the top performing credit union in the nation. We are
 a talent based organization looking for talented individuals to help our members achieve financial success